# profile

I am Tushar N. Bhatt and doing Space Weather Research (SWR) data analysis for PhD work. The research is important to know how our neighbouring planets behave comparitively to Earth when influenced by solar transients i.e. coronal mass ejections, corotating interaction regions. The study will help us to fulfill our curiosity about Earth's Past, Present and Future in the space for human beings survival purpose & satellite communications. 

For my research work, I am considering various spacecrafts observations with CCMC models which are organised by NASA, USA.

The special help to carry out these research work is providing by Prof. Andrew J. Coates (PI of Electron spectrometer(ELS) of Cassini Plasma Spectrometer (CAPS), CASSINI Mission), Prof. Dhiren Kataria (Professorial Research Associate) and Mr. Paul Prior (Linux System Administrator) of Computer Coding Center of Mullard Space Science Laboratory (MSSL), University College London (UCL), UK and from my First Supervisor Prof. Rajmal D. Jain (Retired PRL Scientist, PI of SOXS Mission & RAS Fellow).
 
In addition of all of above, I (during Junior Research Fellow) am an experienced person for R&D in Material Science with experimental plasma (Argon, Nitrogen, Xenon) with various task like nanoparticle development by Physical Vapor Deposition (Magnetron Sputtering) of Silver for Solar Cell development, Physical Vapor deposition of Carbon, Ion Beam Sputtering for Ceramics (with Mr. Ashok Sharma, project associate) & Magnetic Thruster Hysteresis checking under the supervison of Ms. Nisha Chandwani(Scientific Assistant-D,IPR India), On hand experience of FE-HRSEM and Electron Dispersive Spectroscopy Characterizations (Any material) under the supervision of Mrs. Purvi Kikani (Scientific Officer-D, IPR India) & Carl Zeiss technical supervisor, Diffusion Pump maintanance (with Dr. Mukul Bhatnagar, Right now PDF in EU), Magnetron maintanance (with Mr.Krishnanand Shukla, GSFC student, Right now Industrial PhD Research Fellow, Material and Surface Engineering|Plasma Process|Coatings|Mountain Biker,Sheffield, England, United Kingdom), Vacuum Chamber leak test (Mr. Ashok Sharma, Right Now working at Reliance Industries, Mumbai), etc from Institute for Plasma Research, India. My whole activities were supervised by Dr. Mukesh Ranjan, Scientific Officer-G, and Dr. Mukul Bhatnagar (Research scholar) also with support from Prof. Subroto Mukherjee, Dean, FCIPT, IPR india (An autonomous unit of Dept. of Atomic Energy, India). I have also little experience with Xray diffraction (XRD), Atomic Force Micrscopy (AFM), Contact Angle Measurement, Fourier transfrom Infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR), Raman Spectroscopy, etc.

In addition of these, I also worked as a Quality Control Chemist (Pharmaceutical-Formulation lab) with US, BP & IP medicinal drug protocols with Dr. Priti Pandya, QC Head & Dr. Sunil Khanna, QA Head. The whole unit was directed by Dr. Vikram, Director, Jay Formulations Ltd.

With all above experimental profile, I also worked as a Lecturer (Degree & Diploma). During lecturer post, A team of two diploma students were submitted a 3D Cam Measure project (under my supervision) which was rewarded by 650 US dollar & offer of jobs after their degree engineering studies completion. RED HAT is also offering us to work with similar kind of projects. I also worked as a Proofreader (Kumar Prakashan Kendra, Ahmedabad) for maths, science, physics, biology subjects with Mr. Hetal Shah, Head.

Right Now, I am appointed as a Translator (SWAYAM online & broadcasting project, Govt. of India) for engineering physics.

I am crazy to do and learn new things and so I am also trying to develop my computer coding skills and try to achieve goals for Front-end, Back-end and Full-stack developer skills. For these, right now, I am using VScode, html, CSS and github. After getting satisfactory skills, I am in plan to include javascript, php and python. Then, I will see what other new things I can do with these.

I am also investing in mutual funds with proven profit of 11-15%.

I am interested and ready to work for Physical Vapor Deposition, Instrumentation with maintanance, Operation of Characterization Instruments and Solar Physics & Space Weather Research data analysis, lecturer. I am also ready for online work like Programming, Website & logo design, Translation (English-Hindi-Gujarati), Proof reading (Maths, Science, Physics), Coaching of Maths, Physics, Electronics subject, Coding, etc.